# Mark has lost it
*deep sigh* I didn't want to make this post. In the past few weeks, Mark has made threatening comments towards me and my family, I kept quiet because of our history and BlogDrowns reputation, but mark recently uploaded a deranged blog post, making this a needed discussion.

It began recently with a small change, he went to go see a movie with someone who he had met online. They were one of *those* people, I cant say. After that, things deteriorated, Mark began spouting ridiculous crap, at first we all brushed it off as a joke, we thought he was drunk or some sort. But he just kept going. Morning phone calls "the aliens are here", afternoon tech discussions derailing because he just *could not shut up* about it.

And then, he began harassing me, I would get phone calls at midnight "I'm gonna find you" he would say. Mark knows my address, this was deeply unsettling. I always lock my doors but one morning I came to the kitchen to find the pantry had been ransacked, I did initially assume Mark had done this, so I filed a police report. No burglar would steal from the pantry, they would take my big TV or some other thing they could resell, and if they were just hungry they wouldn't have taken so much. Mark denied all claims, an investigation revealed no DNA or fingerprints were even remotely a match for him, he was found not guilty, but *I know* he did it. It must have been him.

I am writing this from a secure location, I no longer feel safe at an address that mark has access to. I just needed to get this out there, Mark is dangerous, do not trust what he says.
